Fix: Expressions route limitation on mTLS and TLS Handshake Modifier (#8611)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/mtls-auth/overview/_index.md

SNIs must be set for all routes that mutual TLS authentication uses.

{:.important}
> When using the plugin with [expressions routes](/gateway/latest/reference/expressions-language/), 

> the client certificate will always be requested, even if the routes are configured with an SNI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the client certificate will always be requested, even if the routes are configured with SNIs. 
```
